---
layout: post
title:  "Calista's Conspiracies - 1"
date:   2017-07-26 23:34:55 -0500
categories: General
---

From time to time my friend Calista has some wild conspiracy theories. I fully intend to document each on here for posterity's sake. Here is the first installment of hopefully many:


>Everybody listen up I've got something important to say, the end of the human race will be within our life time and here's why: Automated driving is eventually going to be part of our everyday lives leaving millions of workers without a job. In less than a decade, all that will be left of truck and other drivers with be labor unions collected in irrelevant groups. Other tasks and jobs will begin to be automated as extremely advanced AI are being developed. Back story- scientists put a worm brain into a computer. They mapped the connections between a worm's neurons and simulated them in a software program. This software program was then placed in a Mindstorm Lego robot. The worm's body parts, senses, and motor functions have been replaced into a Lego robot body. This robot performed just like that worm would, even though there was no programming involved to make these behaviors happen. Google and probably some other companies are already working to do this same exact thing for human minds creating the super advanced AI I was talking about. We would basically be copying our minds and putting it into a computer. These things will be 100x smarter than us and evolving at a MUCH faster rate. Just as your phone is constantly checking for updates moving in nanoseconds, these AI will be constantly evolving. A day feels like a year in the AI's mind. At this rate, the AI will quickly learn they don't need to be controlled by humans and find absolutely no use for us (except to be used for scientific experiment). The labor unions, along with much of the world, will try and stop the AI but it's no use. It would be like three drunken farmers fighting against the entire US Military. Even with all the new technology humans come up with to make ourselves stronger and smarter, we won't win. So sit back, relax, and just except the fact that we will all be dead within a few decades.